Define how providers handle identical creation calls (#4146)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/sdk.md

an [`InstrumentationScope`](../glossary.md#instrumentation-scope) instance which
is stored on the created `Tracer`.

> The first _identical_ `Tracer` MUST be associated with all
> (both identifying and non-identifying) passed parameters.

Author: ```suggestion
For each unique set of identifying parameters, the non-identifying
parameters MUST be associated with the `Tracer` at least once. 
```
